Error during program upload

avrdude: ser_open(): can't open device "COM1": No such file or directory
ioctl("TIOCMGET"): Inappropriate ioctl for device

fix: In IDE, Tools > Port > serial port
http://askubuntu.com/questions/646254/arduino-serial-port-com1-problem

areas of expertise
- music
- literature
- ios
- teaching
- fitness





Sending me




Procedurally generated applications

remember when
  everyone had to listen to the same music at a party?
  our bodies user to turn food into hair?
  you had to eat breakfast after you woke up?
  you had to talk to your computer with your fingertips


#rememberwhen you didn't get composition suggestions based on a message's recipient. [e.g. "]


#featureinsearchofaproduct
#confinedspace


AC car seat

showers




What are outstanding problems in health?



ML that identifies personal habits, encouraging us to reform undesirable behavior and reinforce positive patterns.




651 767 7921 Kyle, Infor













---------------------------------------
Deborah Estrin Meeting Notes (9/7/16)

WHY we should work on this problem?
  constrain the problem or perish. initial constraints:
    IoT
    ER
    Short to medium term impact (1-5 years) [we want to test and iterate against a plausible real environment]
    Urban american ERs
  Just choose these constraints (IoT and ER) and go. But, put a little effort into identifying and examining different sources of information to justify direction. This will also help us build the stories about what happens in the ER and why - like how each information stream contributes to a health outcome
  DON'T: Look into sussing out non-emergency ER patients (ones to divert to urgent care). much of the work needed here is underway

HOW should we start (not exhaustive, only topics explicitly discussed):
  Describe the ER triage context. Try to build a story around it. Which details are standard? Which are variable? In what ways?
  What are the primary workflows around the ER experience? Build stories around the workflows to gain understanding and raise questions.
    clinical
    patient
    companions / family
  Look into operations research around the ER
    OR faculty (Itai Gurvich) -> Send clean email to Deborah inquire about discovering OR  (write to Deborah and she will handle intro framing)
  What information is available through what sensors? How can that be communicated?
  Check out accelerators and startups: ROCK health, Startup health, blueprint


WHO to interview? [butchered the spelling, need to look these people up and then go through Deborah]
  OR faculty (Itai Gurvich) -> Send clean email to Deborah inquire about discovering OR  (write to Deborah and she will handle intro framing)
  Nitti Parc (husband on faculty, relative is an ER doc -> into on follow through to previous point)(spelling?) building maker space
  TEDmed talk on ul Reesa Lewis - ultrasound in the er
  NYC woman, ER doc, aussie -> tons of hands on knowledge - Nadine Levic, ambulance instrumentation --------
---------------------------------------
- description of the triage context (range, standards) -> what are the problems
- look into workflows to identify problems
- aspects
    clinical
    patient
    family

Why parameterize IoT
  giving context to IoT
  name information flows to identify


Why work on the near to medium term?
  churn in tech leaves us with nothing to test

What sensors are not just possible, but available
  also processing techniques

Xprize -

tricorder (star trek?) ->


How can we learn state of art and near future?
  (look into OR)
  OR faculty (Grevich) -> Send clean email to Deborah inquire about discvering or research (write to Deborah)
  ROCK health, Startup health, blueprint
  Nitti Parc (husband on faculty, relative is an ER doc -> into on follow through to previous point)(spelling?) building maker space
  TEDmed talk on ul Reesa Lewis - ultrasound in the er
  NYC woman, ER doc, aussie -> tons of hands on knowledge - Nadine Levic, ambulance instrumentation --------
  Context, constrain! Resources, localities


  old issues
    move non-emergency patients




Who to interview?
